Release v1.1.0 (#50)
giantswarm/dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.1.0] - 2021-08-05

### Added

> - Add kvm dashboards the home KVM home page and allow templating in dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add KVM Resource Usage dashboard link to the home page for KVM only.
- Allow templating in dashboards.
```
